[OSDOCS-11718]: Edit ingress docs incorrectly identify "non-default" ingresses (#80588)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-edit-objects.adoc

[id="rosa-edit-ingress_{context}"]
== edit ingress

Edits the default application router for a cluster.

[NOTE]
====

> For information about editing non-default application routers, see _Additional resources_.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
For information about editing non-default application routers, see "Configuring the Ingress Controller".
```

Re: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentence-style-for-non-xref-situations
